$TTL 300
$ORIGIN miraheze.wiki.

@		SOA ns1.miraheze.org. hostmaster.miraheze.org. (
		20180829000001	; serial
		7200		; refresh
		30M		; retry
		3D		; expire
		900		; ncache
)

; Wildcard services
@		DYNA	geoip!cp

; Name servers
@		NS	ns1.miraheze.org.
@		NS	ns2.miraheze.org.

; Mail exchangers

; Mail policies

; Miscellaneous

_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "Bi9DCaXnCwAAre_VpskXJPJGo2RBtaHcWbqfq1axnV8"
_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "XDdNoZgNi4qS8SaYzr1sz045qQ9zmfzPLNR8SxLbebM"
_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "QbRfnUoUXYbFO8qXvD8e1PvXqz3IINxM4qQ2rHoPlp0"
_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "6GqDkFsmSpsHDE_BwOarfesROeNhSxNrYO0L9UNqQpw"
_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "_npMJ2nAbIquYQ2QZgS9BMDvexteUl0qx0PviItL-t4"
_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "RTqLGKEZqhH919fTJoE8rdaeRJybqhQWnOyBO3pfLC4"
_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "ixyVh2mr_VyMr86IgIgVMJDfQvEX_2Lbyfx5ClrGw7U"
_acme-challenge.miraheze.wiki.   	TXT     "7NZjpSeWFdnr_gXDwX-EhfxLxO6rj6aifeN45fG9KsE"

_acme-challenge.bots.miraheze.wiki.	TXT	"xRPLLMfR1RnLv5I0ZieGwKwPLgtEj8NpTea-LEEYjFE"
_acme-challenge.bots.miraheze.wiki.	TXT	"R5GnSUtXtHVuDyeZeMDln9ObRlL-xjl_YG3QB3psMHA"
_acme-challenge.bots.miraheze.wiki.	TXT	"uUIOdiJXrTqx9_3LSQCIwD_JKpu20HjugJNtYTViSRQ"
_acme-challenge.bots.miraheze.wiki.	TXT	"kbqH9BRntgJ-MecaUcN6Z3B4merIuNLMjq9gEbz0GbA

phab.bots.miraheze.wiki.         	TXT     "google-site-verification=YsUMwTp5ha8O7SN7nT6PUIfuNc2Vmref4X47epv6W5I"
phab.bots.miraheze.wiki.         	TXT     "google-site-verification=VIzHV5lX9zihlmxHHlbV6qVbZTPUE85kjGoLDO3kScI"
icinga.bots.miraheze.wiki.       	TXT     "google-site-verification=7CEBpDhYaCQQmA866OFND5bUNZe0gHGvp7xA-t7IysM"
sopel.bots.miraheze.wiki.        	TXT     "google-site-verification=2oNWyRMk9YqdKE9_cT7oZJ9qWhA2_hP15hxxH1-HP3Q"
phab-storage.bots.miraheze.wiki. 	TXT     "google-site-verification=PxY1u2LSWbzIBN7XHgyzGy_idBAtRTvYr46WnZI1_VY"
phabdigests.bots.miraheze.wiki.  	TXT     "google-site-verification=LprC2fCDNrP9QrH9NKoQi2tMum17PELPyOCn9AxIxJ8"

_github-challenge-MirahezeBots.bots.miraheze.wiki.   TXT     0255f53c19

; CAA (issue: letsencrypt.com, iodef: operations)
@		TYPE257 \# 22 000569737375656C657473656E63727970742E6F7267
@		TYPE257 \# 37 0005696F6465666D61696C746F3A6F7065726174696F6E73406D69726168657A652E6F7267


; old bots stuff
wildcard.bots     	DYNA    geoip!cp
bots			DYNA	geoip!cp
phab.bots		DYNA	geoip!cp
icinga.bots		DYNA	geoip!cp
phabdigests.bots	DYNA	geoip!cp
sopel.bots		DYNA	geoip!cp
phab-storage.bots	DYNA	geoip!cp
bots1			DYNA	geoip!cp
tools1			DYNA	geoip!cp
db1			DYNA	geoip!cp

; Services
phab		CNAME	phabricator.miraheze.org.
status		CNAME	miraheze.hund.io.

; load balancers

; Other
